hello to you with denis petrov and this
video in which we look at learning in
playing tang rose tang time it
browser game developed by young
teams wolf games unity engine now
the game is in beta and
so far there is only VKontakte
in the future it is planned to launch other
social networks on the incentive and later on
mobile platform the game is free and me
and anyone can start playing for
you just need to install the plugin
for your browser and unity web player and
you can start to play to start you
login is required
to further other users
could you identify if such
login busy try to think of another
but remember to get your username from
latin letters and its length must be
3 to 15 characters after you
Login in the game you are transported
a shop where you can buy one tank
one of two countries to choose from is either
soviet pt2
either German pz 2 price as well as
technical characteristics of tanks not
so differ you and others
players will be comfortable fighting on
the first levels among themselves but we will not
run ahead and for now we will consider
The main menu here is your
game nick level and experience
earned by you for participating in the battles on
in a particular country’s tanks note that
using Soviet tanks you will not
raise the level of German and vice versa
next is the overall experience after each
the battle you have carried out
percentage of your experience goes
free further by spending some gold
you can redirect it to development
certain countries here you can
monitor your game currency
loans and gold loan you get
in every battle
and gold can be obtained in three ways 1
vomit take first place in mode
death fight for it you get one
unit gold is the second way to occupy
prize place constantly passing
competition in our official group
VKontakte and 3 I think that the easiest and
reliable
this lead voices vkontakte for this
you just need to click on the plus sign
are located near gold and just
choose the required amount also you there
You can purchase a premium account and
Credits under the gaming nickname and level
is indicator showing
number of people online
before that, we considered not
the active part of the main menu
Now consider those that you
have to use every time the hangar in
you can watch all of them
purchased tanks look and
characteristics do pumping modules
buy bonuses or change their external
view
before you start the battle in the hangar
you choose the tank on which to go battle
Also available in the hangar general chat
if you have something to share or just
want to chat with other players then
click on the right arrow and you can
start chatting in addition to everything in the hangar
two more important things to buy
slots for new tank if you don't have
free seats and a full screen button
located above the chat and if you have in
the hangar will be two or more tanks then
technical characteristics of the tank
a tank sale icon will appear
The following is this store in you.
can buy a tank appropriate
your level or lower
view technical specifications
your future purchases or just
purchase a premium tank
and an integral button in this application
play button by clicking on it
you have a window where you are hiding
will be able to join already
existing rooms or create your own
when creating a room you can
set it up is the maximum
the number of players and the card itself
which will be the battle
the next button is the profile exactly in
you can follow him in detail
by statistics
view your best score fights a
You can also change your gold.
game nickname last on this line
these are options in them you can
adjust screen resolution
set up fullscreen or windows and
and adjust the volume of music and sound in
the game was the first stage in which we
reviewed the registration and main menu
now pay attention to the gameplay and
control after the download is complete
cards you can immediately proceed to
the game body control tank
carried out using the buttons w and with and
d
the tower is controlled by
mouse help to shoot
press the left mouse button or left
control if you want to commit
sight hold down the right mouse button for
order to go into sniper mode
click on the left shift or
use mouse wheel
to find out your account click on the tab
pressing escape or f1 will appear
window in which you can set
game settings continue or exit
combat in order to instantly disable
sound and music in the game press f10
if you want to take a screenshot in the game and
do not want to see the entrance on it then click
f11 to save time and not to go
in the menu to change the window mode to
full screen and vice versa you can
press f12 to perform this function
Immediately here we have considered the main
aspects of the game on this my video fits
end with you was denis petrov
put likes subscribe to the channel
join our application group
in contact with
vote on steam greenlight successful
bye for now